+++
title = "Learning with many experts: Model selection and sparsity"
date = 2013-12-01T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Izbicki, R.","Stern, R. B."]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Statistical Analysis and Data Mining"
#publication_short = "In *ICMEW*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Experts classifying data are often imprecise. Recently, several models have been proposed to train classifiers using the noisy labels generated by these experts. How to choose between these models? In such situations, the true labels are unavailable. Thus, one cannot perform model selection using the standard versions of methods such as empirical risk minimization and cross validation. In order to allow model selection, we present a surrogate loss and provide theoretical guarantees that assure its consistency. Next, we discuss how this loss can be used to tune a penalization which introduces sparsity in the parameters of a traditional class of models. Sparsity provides more parsimonious models and can avoid overfitting. Nevertheless, it has seldom been discussed in the context of noisy labels owing to the difficulty in model selection and, therefore, in choosing tuning parameters. We apply these techniques to several sets of simulated and real data."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
# projects = ["example-external-project"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Machine Learning","Crowdsourcing","Model Selection"]
categories = ["paper"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/sam.11206"
url_preprint = "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.3292.pdf"
#url_code = ""
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

